The moment has arrived to create the request centre.
So let's delete this call here and we're going to create possibly the most important function.
So let's put it as main function of the assistant.
The function can be called my assistant and it doesn't need to receive any parameters.
And the first thing my assistant is going to do is activate the initial greeting.
So from here, let's call initial greeting.
Once we call the function my assistant, the first thing it's going to do is greet us.
Then we're going to enter in a loop so that the system always continues to function.
It will answer all our requests and always be waiting that we say something else.
In other words, this function will constantly be working.
For this, we're going to enter in a wild loop, which won't stop until we say we want to finish with
the program so that the while loop can function adequately.
We need a cut off variable, a variable that starts true and only passes the false when we want to finish
the program.
The variable will be called go on and will be equal to true.
So now we come to the main loop which will say while go on and two dots and we enter in the loop.
Ladies and gentlemen, this loop will activate the microphone and save the request in a string.
This, as we know, will do it through the variable transform audio into test, which we have here.
But we're going to save this in a variable that we can manipulate.
It will be called my request and will be equal to all of this.
Also, we will make all of this appear in lowercase with the method lower to avoid possible conflicts.
Now that we can see what my request contains in order to establish what it does.
For example, if the expression open YouTube is found inside my request, what will the system do?
First, it's going to tell us that the request is complete.
How with speak and it's going to say Sure, I'm opening YouTube and this is only an expression.
Now it has to do it.
So how does it do it?
So we call web browser.
The library were installed at the start with the method open which serves to open the browser and in
the parameters we say which site we want to open.
So between speech marks we put HTTP forward slash w the window and here I put youtube.com.
Although you can put whatever you want.
So now we put continue.
So the loop can continue and return to the start.
So before we try it, let's make our assistant able to open the browser when we ask it.
So let's verify with Elif if the expression open browser is found in my request.
If this is so, we're going to call speak so that it says something nice, like, of course I'm on it.
And then web browser open and here we can put the opens for default on https hyphen forward slash WWE
w google.com.
As this seems to be the start page of most browsers and then continue.
So to test this, we need to call my assistant and we can see how it works.
Hello.
I am Hazel.
How can I help you?
Hello, Hazel.
Good morning.
I need to open YouTube, please.
Thank you very much.
Sure.
I am opening YouTube.
And like that, Hazel completes my request.
And as we noted, it wasn't necessary to only say the expression.
You could say a large phrase which contains the search phrase because Hazel is listening to me all the
time, including now.
And she will disregard everything I say except the phrases that are of interest to her.
So now, as the loop has not yet finished yet, I can give the following order.
Open browser, please.
Of course I am on it.
They could hear me and Google is opened so the loop continues to execute, including now.
And this allows me to continue giving orders and I can have my assistant working constantly.
So let's make the most of the fact that we have some other functions also created to add to more.
So Elif, if they hear what I ask, so what day is today inside my request?
This time we aren't going to call speak because we've already have the function configured for this.
So we're going to call ask day and also put continue and now another elif to check if what time it is
is found inside my request.
If this is heard, we're going to call, ask time and continue.
And we call again.
Hello.
I am Hazel.
How can I help you?
Hello again, Hazel.
And thank you for all your help.
I would like to know what day is today, please.
Today is Wednesday.
Thank you, Hazel.
Now, I have a doubt.
Do you know what time it is in this precise moment?
At this moment, it is 8 hours and 22 minutes.
Thank you very much, Hazel.
So Hazel listens to me all of the time and can resolve everything I request without needing that.
We execute the program again and again.
We have added four functions, yet we can add many, many more and we're going to do just so in the
next lesson.
So I'll see you there.